Title: Sony PS5 PlayStation Console

Price: ₹54,300.00

Specs: {}

About Item: [" Maximize your play sessions with near instant load times for installed PS5 games.  ", " The custom integration of the PS5 console's systems lets creators pull data from the SSD so quickly that they can design games in ways never before possible.  ", " Immerse yourself in worlds with a new level of realism as rays of light are individually simulated, creating true-to-life shadows and reflections in supported PS5 games.  ", " Play your favorite PS5 games on your stunning 4K TV.  ", " Enjoy smooth and fluid high frame rate gameplay at up to 120fps for compatible games, with support for 120Hz output on 4K displays.  ", " With an HDR TV, supported PS5 games display an unbelievably vibrant and lifelike range of colors.  ", " PS5 consoles support 8K Output, so you can play games on your 4320p resolution display.  "]

Total Review Count: 789 global ratings

Reviews:

I must say the dual sense controller is a wow, it is much better that the rumble control I had used before.The device does not heat up much, works comfortably in a room under 35C.However I faced a thumb joy stick drift, which could not be resolved by resetting the controller and needs a replacement.I would love the controllers to be a bit more rugged so that they can sustain a bit longer.

First of all, bought it on 22nd March 23 for 55k but right now 9 days later it's 50k. Hurts alot.The delivery was quick and the packaging was pretty good but the disc drive was malfunctioning. Wouldn't take discs in so had it replaced. Got the replacement 4 days later but the packaging was absolutely garbage. Who tapes cardboard on the actual box itself. Preserving the boxes and cases are important to me hence I bought the disc version cz I like owning physical copies. But thankfully the console works fine, disc drive works fine. Waited so long to buy a Ps5 so overall I'm happy but the price change now and the box packing stings just a little more.

PS5 was awesome, still no disc issue after a month of usage, was very tensed about the product quality but it was flawless, the only downside was the main case was badly damaged on a side through which a disc could easily pass…though nothing like that happened luckily…only for that reason giving 4stars otherwise it could have been full marks😅

The thing which i liked about it is the speed of it due to SSD it’s really fast ran big games like gta 5 in it . Ps5 just takes less than 1 min to load.If you are seeking the con i would say you should at least have a 4k monitor or tv to get maximum fps and graphics. And another thing is you can put ps4 discs in it but the thing they are not much optimised for ps5 better to get a PS5 disc instead of using PS4 discs in it 🙂

First of all the seller is a genuine seller selling genuine and original products. Received the PS5 with original Sony seal. There are many reviews complaining about the disc drive issue but I didn't face any problem. I inserted the disc correctly and everything works fine. If you are facing and disc problem just check if you're inserting the disc correctly and in the correct side. Tried 4 games and all 4 games run smoothly on 60fps without any stutter. Just keep in mind that you will receive only one game pre-installed on the PS5 called Astro's playroom which is an awesome game to play. I bought God of War 2018 separately from this seller (Electronics bazzar store) and it runs fabulously well on 4k 60fps. I definitely recommend updating the PS5 software to the latest version before inserting the disc. The update in 1.5 gb so you can connect your mobile hotspot to update it. Ps5 is hands down the best gaming console in the planet. Better than PS4 and even better than Xbox. I also recommend buying games from the same seller (Electronics bazzar store) because he delivers original products. 10/10 for me. Go for it blindly 👍🏼

the product had a few issues while delivering, while the outer amazon packaging was clean and protected, the inner box of the actual product was minimally damaged.. which made me worry a little bit, but on the inside the console remained absolutely protected, and is working on its full capacity.. the playstation 5 is an absolute beast, with high ram, graphics and game changing ssd speeds.. which make the console run smoothly, the dualsense on the other hand is just incredible to hold.. the disk drive enables me to play my ps4 games without much difficulty.. the ease of access on the ps5 is drastically improved compared to its much loved predecessor the ps4.. its so fast, its kinda saved lots of time for me.. the visuals and gameplay is extravagant as usual.. along with the new playstation plus's classics and game catalogues, its just hours and hours of entertainment at your disposal..

Last week I wrote a review about my first barnd new PS5 whose Disc drive was not working. Applied for replacement and Amazon delivered replacement in just 2 days after the request, amazing prompt response.Now as all of you know PS5 is best in all, and now the replaced console is working like a charm, awesome gaming experience, superb graphics.If anyone is thinking to buy a PS5, just go for it, it is worth the price and the gaming experience you will have is speechless. Thanks amazon for immediate resolution of my problem. Thanks a lot guys.

Ordered it on the day the price went down. Got delivered on time but faced the issue with disc drive that others have also mentioned. Unfortunately, by the time I discovered the issue the replacement window was over. So had to take it to Sony's service centre myself and they replaced the whole thing. It took about 3-4 days to get it replaced. Had I checked on time, it could have been handled by Amazon itself. It was a hassle, but it's working great now. Ran it on Sony Bravia and a local brand TV and it works fine on both. Controller is also working great. Nice battery life. Can easily play for 3-4 hours without charging.

I got the tempered packaging... also didn't found stand tightening screw inside the box... Apart from that everything else is good..

I wanted to pick up a PS5 back in 2020, given my PS4 Slim was already 4 years old by then and was starting to show its age with modern games. However, due to obvious reasons, I never got a chance to get a PS5 for almost two years. Being with PS ecosystem for more than a decade now, I'm quite impressed at how much Sony has improved the quality of its consoles over the years.PS5 at a cursory glance, might not look like a massive leap from the previous gen, especially if you're not a fan of the fancy haptics the DualSense comes equipped with. However, the quality-of-life upgrades PS5 brings to the table, with its fast and snappy UI, an intuitive settings menu and emphasis on high framerates (60fps and more) is a true game changer.As much as I liked my PS4, the sluggish UI and the sub-par 30fps gameplay experience was starting to feel dated, especially after I tried PC gaming for a few years. PS5 feels like the perfect PlayStation experience Sony has been working towards for the last decade or so. As for the library of games, PS5 doesn't currently have a massive catalogue of exclusives (unless you count the PS4/PS5 cross-gen games); however, of what that is there, i.e., Returnal, Demon's Souls, R&C Rift Apart, and the likes, these are easily some of the best single-player experiences out there and should not be missed out by anyone fortunate enough to own a PS5.